"Cannot switch flight mode. Turn on ""Multiple Flight Modes"" to enable Atti and Sport Modes."
"Landing Gear Raising.; Home Point Recorded
Aircraft is close to Home Point. Return-to-Home Mode is now Auto Landing Mode.
Aircraft is close to the Home Point. Initiating Return to Home will now trigger Auto Landing.
Aircraft is entering a restricted area
Aircraft is in Attitude mode, so that it will not hover. Please fly with caution.
Aircraft is in QuickShot Mode. Ensure your enviornment is free of potential obstacles.
Aircraft is now following you.
Aircraft is returning to the Home Point. Minimum RTH Altitude is 30m. You can reset the RTH Altitude in Remote Controller Settings after cancelling RTH if necessary.
Aircraft is returning to the Home Point. Minimum RTH Altitude is 30m. You can reset the RTH Altitude in Remote Controller Settings after cancelling RTH.
Aircraft is returning to the Home Point. Minimum RTH Altitude is 98ft. You can reset the RTH Altitude in Remote Controller Settings after cancelling RTH.
Aircraft is returning to the Home Point. Minimum RTH Altitude is30m. You can reset the RTH Altitude in Remote Controller Settings after cancelling RTH.
Aircraft is returning to the Home Point. RTH Altitude is 30m. You can reset the RTH Altitude in Remote Controller Settings after cancelling RTH if necessary.
Aircraft out of Range
Ambient Light is too weak.
Ambient Light too Weak
Attitude is too large.
Away and Follow in progress.
Backward Obstacle Sensing is not functioning.
Battery Signal Error. Check battery connection.
Battery temperature is below 15 degrees Celsius. Warm up the battery temperature to above 25 degree Celsius to ensure a safe flight.
Braking now! Return sticks to midpoints first.
Braking now. Return sticks to midpoints, then continue flying.
Camera Settings Adjusted to ActiveTrack
Cannot change current flight mode. Enable Multiple Flight Modes in Settings menu to change.
Cannot enter the selected flight mode. Try again later.
Cannot Identify Subject
Cannot switch flight mode. Turn on "Multiple Flight Modes" to enable Atti and Sport Modes
Cannot Takeoff in Travel Mode. Exit Travel Mode.
Command Failed
Command Timeout
Compass Error. Exit P-GPS Mode
Compass Interference. Temp Max Altitude: 98ft
Compass Redundancy Switch
Compass Stuck. Restart Aircraft. Contact DJI Support if this persists.
Correcting Landing Position
Critically Low Power. Aircraft Landing
Current RTH route will pass a No-Fly zone. Pay attention to the aircraft's position to avoid RTH failure.
Data Recorder File Index is 12.
Data Recorder File Index is 13.
Data Recorder File Index is 15.
Data Recorder File Index is 17.
Data Recorder File Index is 18.
Data Recorder File Index is 19.
Data Recorder File Index is 2.
Data Recorder File Index is 21.
Data Recorder File Index is 29.
Data Recorder File Index is 3.
Data Recorder File Index is 30.
Data Recorder File Index is 4.
Data Recorder File Index is 45.
Data Recorder File Index is 46.
Data Recorder File Index is 5.
Data Recorder File Index is 57.
Data Recorder File Index is 65.
Data Recorder File Index is 7.
Data Recorder File Index is 8.
Descending. Exited Visual Avoidance System
Downlink Lost.
Downlink Restored (after 0m 0.9s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 1.1s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 1.2s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 1.4s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 1.5s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 1.6s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 1.7s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 11.3s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 11s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 1s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 2.2s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 2.3s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 2.9s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 5.6s).
Downlink Restored (after 0m 5.8s).
Drag a box around or tap a target on screen. Then tap Go.
Exited Visual Avoidance System.
Flight Mode Set to Attitude
Fly with caution and ensure the aircraft remains within your line of sight.
Forward Obstacle Sensing is not functioning.
Forward Obstacle Sensing not Responding
Gimbal Pitch Limit Reached.
Gimbal Pitch Reached Movement Limit
Gimbal Roll Limit Reached.
Gimbal Yaw Limit Reached
GPS Position Mismatch.
Ground Plain. Safe to Land.
High wind velocity. Ensure the aircraft remains within your line of sight and fly with caution.
High wind velocity. Ensure the aircraft remains within your line of sight and fly with caution.; Downlink Lost.
High wind velocity. Ensure the aircraft remains within your line of sight and fly with caution.; High wind velocity. Fly with caution and land in a safe place ASAP.
High wind velocity. Fly with caution and land in a safe place ASAP.
High wind velocity. Fly with caution.
Home Point Recorded, Return-to-Home Altitude:98FT
Home Point Recorded, Return-to-Home Altitude:98FT.
Home Point Recorded.
Home Point recorded. Return-to-Home Altitude:98FT
Home Point recorded. Return-to-Home Altitude:98FT.
Home Point Recorded.; Taking off.
Home Point Updated.
Image Transmission Recovered. Aircraft is returning home.
Intelligent Flight Modes have not been enabled. Enable this option in Main Controller Settings if needed.
Landing Gear Lowered.
Landing gear lowered. Obstacle Avoidance Disabled.
Landing gear lowered. Obstacle Avoidance has been disabled.
Landing gear lowered.Obstacle Avoidance Disabled.
Landing Gear Lowering.
Landing Gear Raised.
Landing Gear Raising.
Landing Protection Activated. Aircraft will decelerate during landing.
Landing.
Large Wind Velocity.
Large Wind Velocity. Fly with caution.
Lens not connected
Locating Landing Point
Low Power. Aircraft is returning to the Home Point.
Low Power. Returning home.
Magnetic Filed Interference. Exit P-GPS Mode
Magnetic Filed Interference. Exit P-GPS Mode.; Yaw Error.
Max Flight Altitude Reached. Adjust in Main Controller Settings if necessary
Max Flight Distance Reached. Adjust in Main Controller Settings if necessary.
Maximum Flight Altitude Reached.
Maximum Flight Altitude Reached. Adjust altitude in MC Settings if required.
Maximum Flight Distance Reached. Adjust distance in MC Settings if required.
Maximum flight distance reached. Adjust the distance in MC Settings if required.
Mobile device CPU fully loaded. Related performance will be affected.
Mobile device version too old to support HD image transmission and the image transmission mode has been switch to normal mode.
Motor or propeller error. Check the motors and propellers.
Motors Started.
Not Allowed to change Aircraft Mode. If needed
Obstacle Avoidance Disabled.
Obstacle Avoidance Disabled. Landing gear lowered. Obstacle Avoidance Disabled.
Obstacle Avoidance disabled. Landing gear lowered. Obstacle Avoidance has been disabled.
Obstacle Avoidance will be disabled in landing.
Obstacle Avoided. Revise Flight Route
Obstacle Sensing will be disabled when aircraft is landing. Fly with caution.
PalmControl in Process
Precision Landing
Propulsion output has been limited to ensure battery health.
Rectifying aircraft position
Remote controller assisted takeoff initiated.
Remote Controller Right Dial Locked. Lightly press it to adjust.
Returning to the Home Point
Return-to-Home Altitude:65FT
Return-to-Home Altitude:98FT
Return-to-Home Altitude:98FT."
Right Dial Locked. Lightly press to adjust.
RTH Altitude: 65FT.
RTH Altitude: 98FT.
RTH Altitude: 98FT.; Data Recorder File Index is 1.
RTH: Ascending to RTH altitude.
RTH: Cruise.
RTH: Heading alignment.
RTH: Preascending.
Satellite positioning off. Fly with Caution.
SD card write speed is too slow. Not suitable for shooting a 4K video.
Sensing system is blocked or too close to the obstacle.
Set Flight Mode to GPS to fly safe
Strong Interference Detected. Be careful when flying long distances.
Strong Interference Now. Fly with caution.
Strong Interference to Aircraft. Signal interruption may be more likely. Fly with caution.
Strong Interference. Fly with caution.
Strong Remote Controller Interference.
Strong wireless interference. Please fly with caution.
Strong wireless interference. Please fly with caution.; Obstacle Avoidance Disabled. Landing gear lowered. Obstacle Avoidance Disabled.
Subject lost. Searching ...
Subject too Large. Move Away and retry
Subject too Small. Get Closer and retry
Switched to P (Positioning)-mode.
Switched to S (Sport)-mode.
Switched to T (Tripod)-mode.
Take off and retry this function.
Take off in P-Mode
Taking Off.
Tap the screen lightly to focus.
Tap the screen to focus.
Tap to choose a valid zone.
The remaining battery is only enough for RTH. Return home now.
To take off in non-P mode, toggle Flight Mode Switch to another mode and then toggle it back.
Warning
WarningThe remaining battery is only enough for RTH. Return home now.
Weak GPS signal. Aircraft is in Attitude mode and hovering may be unstable. Fly with caution.
Weak signal. Adjust antenna and avoid signal block.
Weak signal. Avoid blocking the antennas and keep the antennas parallel to and facing toward the aircraft during flight.
Weak signal. Avoid blocking the antennas and keep the antennas parallel to and facing toward the aircraft during flight.; Downlink Lost.
Yaw Error.
Your aircraft has entered a Warning Zone (Class D). Please fly with caution.
Your palm is too close to the aircraft. Please step farther away.
Your palm is too far away from the aircraft. Please step closer.
Home Point Recorded. RTH Altitude: 30m.
Aircraft close to Home Point. go home shifts to landing.
Precision Landing. Rectifying aircraft position.
Attitude is too large. Backward Obstacle Sensing is not functioning.
Precision Landing. Correcting Landing Position.
In Flight.
Landing Canceled.
